how are you I'm good I'm a little
nervous are you really my first posture
he's gonna be nervous you bye not at all
this was your first movie yes exactly my
point I'm like well he did a great job
on that so this should be just as easy
as pie now this is really great God
really by the way how can this be your
first movie this big movie with Adam
Sandler you mean it's a miracle it is
it's a miracle it does not happen so I'm
really grateful I feel like a chosen
kind of you will you by the directors of
the movie or writers and directors the
Softee brothers yeah did you know them
before I did yeah I knew them for like I
want to say maybe like seven years or
something and they ain't talking to me
about this role for like five years for
five years yeah at any point where
you're like oh yeah these guys are never
making this well yeah then they made
heaven knows what and I was like okay
then they made good time and I was like
okay it's really not happening and then
they they finally called me and they
said okay we're gonna make this movie we
still want you in it but then they
called me again and they said well now
that the big studios are involved they
want like a big-name actress and oh yeah
if I really had to fight for it he did
yeah I did you fight other actresses
like 350 exact oh there were 300 people
audition was the role written for you I
would like to think so okay yeah but
these guys obviously you were friendly
with them over the course of five years
yeah they wrote did they write it
specifically for you and I did I think
at first it was just kind of this
character and then after meeting me it
kind of coincidentally developed to be
very similar to who I so that character
is similar to you very well yeah that's
interesting
have you done any acting before no none
not a school play or anything like that
wow that's crazy
yeah well I like to refer to myself as
like an actress of life you know like I
kind of have always been acting like you
know whether it's like try to be normal
or try to be you know whatever it is I
I've always kind of been in that realm I
knew I wanted to be in Hollywood and I
was just like I kind of feel like a kind
of outgrew New York yeah you did yeah
outgrew New York and how are you living
here I'm in between how does one outgrow
New York even like well you can call did
not brony yo it's a small town do you
feel that way yes why do you just could
you run into the same people all of ya
and I kind you know I grew up there so
it's like I've had a moment everywhere
I've been every type of girl I've went
through neighborhoody neighborhoody it's
like you know I'm just ready for four
new things you're living out here now I
would like to oh you would like to yeah
all right oh and well you know you're
allowed yeah eventually yeah so now are
you like to vote now are you like okay
now I'm an actor now I'm going to go on
auditions and I'm gonna be in things yes
yes so now you're serious about it yes
okay all right usually people do that
big movie that might get nominated for
an Oscar class it's classes after having
been an uncut job oh really
uh-huh I don't think you need them you
were great without thank you have you
met Adam Sandler before the movie well
we had a screen test oh he did okay I
met him during the screen test is pretty
funny we there was one I had to do
karaoke I had to sing to him oh I also
had to go shopping with him at Barney's
and he wanted to find you the cheapest
obviously and I wanted the expensive
dress and we kind of went back and forth
about that and that was part of the
thing you go shopping with him and he
buys you something Howard but now he did
it oh the cat was in character yes he
was yes Wow yeah well and then the
chemistry was undeniable so what song
did you sing in karaoke
I sang wicked games oh the precise
exhale
I didn't get there yeah that's good
because that's right in Adams wheelhouse
I think he doesn't even like that choice
of the song yeah yeah wow this is
fantastic it's really a very strange
thing and now you you know I'm sure
everybody is is are people now well this
movie burr hasn't really come out yet or
people yeah it comes out in two days
uh-huh and your life is going to change
very it already has very much so yeah I
would think so
well welcome to Hollywood yeah yeah you
know I have to be careful yeah you just
have to be careful like there's no they
have to be there are cookie monsters
being arrested it's all right well if
you want to see the Cookie Monster in a
movie uncut gems opens its Alexa T's on
Friday and then white on Christmas Day
Julia Fox everybody thank you hey I'm
Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season in a fun way buy my new book the
serious boost I wrote it and through it
all of my MA goes to children's
hospitals across the country or watch
another gaming video and don't help kids
it's up to you